To Brion and whom it concerns:

Thank you for letting me take a stab at the Juicy Project.  It was challenging, but definitely fun.  I have a few notes regarding the project that I felt were out of place in the README.txt file:

1. First of all, let me say that I'm not satisfied with the results at all, but I did want to submit a working webpage before the deadline.  Given more time, I believe I could create a much more attractive and useful webpage.

2. This project did not take 2-4 hours.  I'm afraid it took upwards of 15 hours, and that's because most of it was Greek to me when I first read it.  I didn't know Flask, I didn't know JSON (though that was simple to pick up), my experience with APIs is minimal, and it had been several years since I had programmed in HTML, CSS, or javascript.  I'm telling you this because I want to be completely honest with you.  If this means I'm not a good candidate for the position, I understand.

3. I do believe that given a similar task a second time, it wouldn't take me nearly as long now that I'm familiar with the tools.

4. Data compromises:  I scrubbed the data a bit, but by no means is it a finished product.  There are entries in the ingredient list that shouldn't be there, such as "juice".  I considered removing these by brute force as the ROI became less and less the more I refined the data, but decided to leave it alone because that option would not be practicable if the data should change.

5. The Nutrionix API is not very well documented.  I considered this to be a part of the challenge of the project, as not every customer will have a perfect API.

6. Items one and two are put into JSON format manually in the code before writing to JSON files.  I considered using the json package to convert the data, but decided that for the simplicity of the project pieces, it would not be necessary.  However, I did utilize json.load and json.dumps later in the project.

7. Please note that the Nutritionix API is properly attributed, and the image of fruit slices is a public domain image from wikipedia.

8. I designed the page in Firefox.  It works in Chrome, but I'm not as happy with the background color in that browser.
